SSO_project/action/IResetPasswordAction.java
 SSO_project.action.IResetPasswordAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/page_object/YoutubeVideoPO.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.page_object.YoutubeVideoPO
SSO_project/temp.java
 SSO_project.temp
SSO_project/entity/UserAccount.java
 SSO_project.entity.UserAccount
projects/TA_web/page_object/admin_portal/AdminPortalPo.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.admin_portal.AdminPortalPo
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/ChangePasswordAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.ChangePasswordAction
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/EditCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.EditCouponTypeAction
SSO_project/test_case/ChangePwTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.ChangePwTc
base_test/BaseTest.java
 base_test.BaseTest
SSO_project/test_case/SignUpTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.SignUpTc
projects/TA_web/test_case/user_portal/LeaveAMessageTC.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.user_portal.LeaveAMessageTC
SSO_admin_portal/temp2.java
 SSO_admin_portal.temp2
SSO_project/action/ILoginAction.java
 SSO_project.action.ILoginAction
SSO_project/page_object/LoginPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.LoginPO
projects/TA_web/data_test/DataTestTAWeb.java
 projects.TA_web.data_test.DataTestTAWeb
SSO_project/action/implement_action/LoginAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.LoginAction
projects/TA_web/test_case/admin_portal/DeleteCouponTypeTc.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.admin_portal.DeleteCouponTypeTc
projects/TA_web/test_case/user_portal/ChangePasswordTc.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.user_portal.ChangePasswordTc
projects/TA_web/entity/CouponType.java
 projects.TA_web.entity.CouponType
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/NavigateAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.NavigateAction
projects/TA_web/page_object/admin_portal/EditCouponTypePO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.admin_portal.EditCouponTypePO
projects/TA_web/page_object/admin_portal/AddCouponTypePO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.admin_portal.AddCouponTypePO
projects/TA_web/page_object/user_portal/ChangePasswordPO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.user_portal.ChangePasswordPO
SSO_project/action/INavigateAction.java
 SSO_project.action.INavigateAction
SSO_admin_portal/test_case/AddUserTc.java
 SSO_admin_portal.test_case.AddUserTc
SSO_project/action/IForgotPwAction.java
 SSO_project.action.IForgotPwAction
SSO_project/action/ILogoutAction.java
 SSO_project.action.ILogoutAction
SSO_project/test_case/ResetPasswordTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.ResetPasswordTc
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/page_object/GoogleHomePO.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.page_object.GoogleHomePO
SSO_project/page_object/ChangePwPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.ChangePwPO
SSO_project/test_case/ForgotPwTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.ForgotPwTc
SSO_project/page_object/ResetPasswordPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.ResetPasswordPO
projects/TA_web/page_object/admin_portal/ManageCouponTypePO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.admin_portal.ManageCouponTypePO
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/LeaveAMessageAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.LeaveAMessageAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/action/INavigateAction.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.action.INavigateAction
SSO_project/action/ISignUpAction.java
 SSO_project.action.ISignUpAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/action/implement_action/SearchAction.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.action.implement_action.SearchAction
projects/TA_web/action/IChangePasswordAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.IChangePasswordAction
SSO_project/page_object/TestArchitectPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.TestArchitectPO
SSO_project/test_case/LoginTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.LoginTc
common/Constant.java
 common.Constant
SSO_project/page_object/ForgotPwPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.ForgotPwPO
SSO_project/action/implement_action/ForgotPasswordAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.ForgotPasswordAction
projects/TA_web/data_test/RegexPattern.java
 projects.TA_web.data_test.RegexPattern
SSO_project/data_test/DataTestSSO.java
 SSO_project.data_test.DataTestSSO
SSO_project/page_object/SignUpPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.SignUpPO
common/ExtentReportManager.java
 common.ExtentReportManager
SSO_project/action/implement_action/ChangePasswordAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.ChangePasswordAction
common/TimeUtil.java
 common.TimeUtil
projects/TA_web/page_object/user_portal/EditProfilePO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.user_portal.EditProfilePO
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/AddCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.AddCouponTypeAction
projects/TA_web/test_case/temp_3.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.temp_3
SSO_project/action/implement_action/ActiveAccountAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.ActiveAccountAction
projects/TA_web/page_object/user_portal/LoginOn23ServerPO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.user_portal.LoginOn23ServerPO
common/ISSOUtilA.java
 common.ISSOUtilA
general_action/IGeneralAction.java
 general_action.IGeneralAction
SSO_admin_portal/action/implement_action/AddUserImpA.java
 SSO_admin_portal.action.implement_action.AddUserImpA
SSO_admin_portal/action/INavigateAction.java
 SSO_admin_portal.action.INavigateAction
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/EditProfileAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.EditProfileAction
projects/TA_web/page_object/user_portal/LeaveAMessagePO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.user_portal.LeaveAMessagePO
SSO_project/page_object/SendActivePO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.SendActivePO
SSO_project/action/IUpdateProfileAction.java
 SSO_project.action.IUpdateProfileAction
SSO_project/action/implement_action/SignUpAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.SignUpAction
general_action/implement/GeneralAction.java
 general_action.implement.GeneralAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/action/ISearchAction.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.action.ISearchAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/temp2.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.temp2
SSO_project/action/implement_action/NavigateAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.NavigateAction
common/URL.java
 common.URL
SSO_admin_portal/action/IAddUserAction.java
 SSO_admin_portal.action.IAddUserAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/test_case/SearchingResultTc.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.test_case.SearchingResultTc
SSO_project/action/implement_action/ResetPasswordAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.ResetPasswordAction
projects/TA_web/action/INavigateAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.INavigateAction
SSO_project/action/IActiveAccountAction.java
 SSO_project.action.IActiveAccountAction
SSO_project/action/IChangePwAction.java
 SSO_project.action.IChangePwAction
projects/TA_web/action/ILoginAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.ILoginAction
general_action/IGeneralSearchingAction.java
 general_action.IGeneralSearchingAction
projects/TA_web/action/ILeaveAMessageAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.ILeaveAMessageAction
projects/TA_web/test_case/admin_portal/EditCouponTypeTC.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.admin_portal.EditCouponTypeTC
common/LogReport.java
 common.LogReport
projects/TA_web/test_case/admin_portal/AddCouponTypeTC.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.admin_portal.AddCouponTypeTC
SSO_project/page_object/ThankYouPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.ThankYouPO
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/page_object/SearchingResultPO.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.page_object.SearchingResultPO
projects/TA_web/action/IEditCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.IEditCouponTypeAction
SSO_admin_portal/page_object/UserManagementPO.java
 SSO_admin_portal.page_object.UserManagementPO
common/SSOUtilImpA.java
 common.SSOUtilImpA
projects/TA_web/action/IAddCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.IAddCouponTypeAction
projects/TA_web/page_object/user_portal/UserPortalPO.java
 projects.TA_web.page_object.user_portal.UserPortalPO
projects/TA_web/action/IEditProfileAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.IEditProfileAction
SSO_admin_portal/page_object/GeneralPO.java
 SSO_admin_portal.page_object.GeneralPO
SSO_admin_portal/action/implement_action/NavigateImpA.java
 SSO_admin_portal.action.implement_action.NavigateImpA
SSO_project/action/implement_action/LogoutAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.LogoutAction
base_test/InitialSetup.java
 base_test.InitialSetup
SSO_project/test_case/ActiveCodeTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.ActiveCodeTc
projects/TA_web/action/IDeleteCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.IDeleteCouponTypeAction
SSO_project/page_object/ActiveAccountPO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.ActiveAccountPO
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/DeleteCouponTypeAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.DeleteCouponTypeAction
SSO_project/page_object/UpdateProfilePO.java
 SSO_project.page_object.UpdateProfilePO
general_action/implement/GeneralSearchingAction.java
 general_action.implement.GeneralSearchingAction
projects/Pre_Test_Sele_2/action/implement_action/NavigateAction.java
 projects.Pre_Test_Sele_2.action.implement_action.NavigateAction
projects/TA_web/action/implement_action/LoginAction.java
 projects.TA_web.action.implement_action.LoginAction
projects/TA_web/test_case/user_portal/EditProfileTc.java
 projects.TA_web.test_case.user_portal.EditProfileTc
SSO_project/action/implement_action/UpdateProfileAction.java
 SSO_project.action.implement_action.UpdateProfileAction
SSO_project/test_case/UpdateProfileTc.java
 SSO_project.test_case.UpdateProfileTc
